docs: Add guide for local API setup, update api-usage slightly (#235)
codeRIT/hackathon-manager: docs/api-setup.md

---
id: api-setup

> title: API Setup

Reviewer: Consider renaming this page -- "API Setup" makes sense to someone that has the single goal of connecting the API to Postman or Paw. However to someone browsing the docs for the first time, the title of this page could be misleading: "API Setup" gives me the idea of a required step to "turn on" the API, when in reality this page is more specific to API *tooling*

I'm not sure of the best name, and I don't think "tooling" alone will make sense to a broad audience, but food for thought.

Author: Good point! Maybe "Setup Postman/Paw for API Testing"?

---

> This page will show you how to setup API requests with Postman and Paw. The main goal here is to setup OAuth2 authorization. 

Reviewer: Since this is the very first paragraph before diving into Postman and Paw details, consider briefly introducing what these apps are (e..g `...how to set up API requests in API development tools such as Postman and Paw. The main...`)

Author: Got it! I'll also add a note that this process works for remote instances as well, not just `localhost`.

## Applications for API Requests
- [Postman](#initial-setup-with-postman)
- [Paw](#initial-setup-with-paw)

## OAuth2 Notes

- The application only supports `Authorization Code` and `Implicit Grant` authorization methods. It's suggested to use an `implicit` grant for native apps, as they are inherently trusted. 
- In a real application, the callback URL should have a specific scope that's not just `http://`, i.e., `brickhack-ios://` (for BrickHack's iOS application). However Postman would really be confused with that scheme, so for local development, it's not advised.
- Client credentails must be sent in the body.
- Browser authorization is currently not supported, at least in Postman. Not sure why! If you discover a reason, please open an Issue on the [hackathon manager](https://github.com/codeRIT/hackathon-manager) repo.

## Initial Setup with Postman

> This guide assumes you have already setup an admin account on a local hackathon manager install. For more details on this, see the [main README](https://github.com/codeRIT/hackathon-manager#local-development).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide assumes you have already setup an admin account on a local Hackathon Manager install. For more details on this, see the [main README](https://github.com/codeRIT/hackathon-manager#local-development).
```

> Sign in to your admin account, and click "Manage". Then go to the **Doorkeeper** tab on the bottom-left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Hackathon Manager, sign in to your admin account and click "Manage". Then, at the bottom left of the sidebar, click the **Doorkeeper** tab.
```

Now, go to Postman and configure the initial request as follows:

<img src="assets/api-setup/postman1.png" width="500px" />

Then, click the `Get Access Token` button.

On this screen, fill out the information but with your own keys from the image above.

<img src="assets/api-setup/postman2.png" width="500px" />

You should get a popup with the BrickHack sign in screen. Type in your admin credentials and log in.

On the next screen, select `Authorize`:

<img src="assets/api-setup/postman3.png" width="500px" />

You should see this resulting screen. On here, select `Use Token`:

<img src="assets/api-setup/postman4.png" width="600px" />

That's it! Now you can make authorized requests at whatever permission level your account has.

<img src="assets/api-setup/postman5.png" />

## Initial Setup with Paw

The process is very similar to above. To save time, here is a screenshot of the `auth` config screen:

<img src="assets/api-setup/paw1.png" />

To reset your login, remove the dynamic fields in `Refresh Token` and `Token`. If your web login is still cached, try clearing cookies (`Paw > Web Views > Clear Cookies`) and Cache (`Paw > Web Views > Clear Cache`). 

> 

Reviewer: Can clean up these surplus newlines

## Connecting with Postman

In Hackathon Manager, sign in to your admin account and click "Manage". Then, at the bottom left of the sidebar, click the **Doorkeeper** tab.

<img src="assets/api-setup/doorkeeper.png" width="300px" />

On this screen, click `New Application`.

Name it whatever you wish. Set the Redirect URI to `http://localhost:3000/apply`, uncheck `Confidential`, and set a scope to `main`. Then, click `Submit`.

> Note: There is [a bug](https://github.com/doorkeeper-gem/doorkeeper/issues/1307) in the current version of doorkeeper (5.0), where if you do not put a scope, all OAuth requests fail. This scope can be anything as long as it is not empty.

Now, go to Postman and configure the initial request as follows:

<img src="assets/api-setup/postman1.png" width="500px" />

Then, click the `Get Access Token` button.

On this screen, fill out the information but with your own keys from the image above.

<img src="assets/api-setup/postman2.png" width="500px" />

> You should get a popup with the BrickHack sign in screen. Type in your admin credentials and log in.

Author: Whooops! Good point
